hello guys this is how go to make a
review or my new designed Sherman tank
really I hope you watch through this
whole video because this is this is the
freakin best tank I've made yeah first
of all yes this this is done
yeah this is done from Flickr if you
won't drink you were on the right place
thumbs up for you guys
oh yeah first of all free credits the
front slope over here it's to true
browser or Flickr already of using the
binoculars here on the treasure section
to the brick eulogist aka neighbor
chainsaw hero youtube and the front part
here of the Sherman is tell the church
to simmer I had to explain a little
famous uh yeah that start off wood front
the other thing is I've used those that
which had a wood your camera there
warned by twos 45 degrees
she slopes this is one piece this is the
newer ones which are they are a brick
high and instead of heavy those pieces I
deduce those which gives a nice smooth
look a lot studs please Kim credit if
you use that yeah yeah they're just as
wide 21 starts long just say that under
a such high but frontier you use that
the back with a backpack attached with
by brick not some freak'll a headlights
nice touched all the lovely forestry
slopes as longer that slopes yeah it was
a hatchet in the front of course they do
all open yeah you get the point you see
it's a hatch a hatch that's get opened
that is very difficuit you can see north
from space here it's clear a bit hard to
close it with this in so just took this
piece off that one side now personally I
love this so the height of their good on
this wall I said at eight bricks high
see here just includes Verizon highs the
junk six tread section over line scale
yeah I don't I didn't get those in order
today it also got those dishes and they
don't over but so now I had have dishes
it here for the other side to underwrite
collars yeah nothing too special the
size here cuz she slopes all the way
here
stops down here and a little sticker it
is a sticker binary Olaf baby then we'll
put our cast or here on front to when I
get around to make the decals
oh goodie gear in the front this is the
small ones choose the lost over the back
it's extremely boring you see just flat
the other side just have this trench
links here that's all only things are
changed now for topic who do you got any
attaches but you're extremely hard to
open sort of got to try but do
elgyn always I actually can show you the
Indian this is should take a pause or
take off that you see you got legend
until two specials actually pretty bad
I'm gonna put decals on those just give
it a bit better loop but here or the
this thing with a hatchet I can of
course do like this with over hard to
open although very thick
that's where bad but that's rely so just
go to put this all the chervil again the
Sherman was old to have his back I would
love to have my back you get back my
back he so I love a turret now the
turret I did you redesigned today I
would make this a bit longer seats
it is a bit short I wanted to like yeah
I think so just one plate in here and
first lad don't look too special in the
frontier notes it was the back this is
barb yeah on the other side I do have a
EMTALA raised attached see that yeah
that's pretty much it and like I said
before this is the best sharable I ever
built the best take ever built
and one more thing will you go please
stupid paper I have the turret are
attached all this was pre accurate
actually I should be able to fit a fit
here but I called now I had to look just
because I lower this as he it's four
starts there
and see it's three starts there but for
starts here bird lifestyle you see all
that whole that's realize that is hard
to see the Forester decide to that's
very very nice so yeah think that was it
this will be a future kids I promise
this would be a future kit so yeah I
really hope you do this with you and did
you like it
we're sure well good night